oh yes I see it's difficult but he's
lying still Johnny oh wow this isn't
quite how I hoped to see her and
surrounded by trucks but actually in
some ways this is even more special I
mean the tiger is really very very
important to the Indian people it's just
so beautiful getting up now moving
further away to the forest you think
that bright orange black and white would
be a lousy color scheme and show up
anywhere but in amongst these leaves the
brown leaves with a dappled light but we
barely see her absolutely amazing
it's about come out across the road in
front of your dog
look at that just sauntering across the
road in front of us
she's gone just like that that an animal
that size can just disappear into the
undergrowth in the blink of an eye
well you got one that's a snake over the
next few days our tiger counts just went
through the roof five days searching
everywhere and finding nothing it seems
like Tigers a everywhere this one just
lying in a puddle up ahead of us
breathing heavily in the shade this
would have to be the best wildlife
encounter in India just right there in
front of us
incredibly there's another Tiger uncie
in the bushes and Johnny our cameraman
has moved in for a closer look but you
can't get complacent when you're dealing
with one of the world's deadliest
predators
that just shows how fast things can
change the wild animals we all just sat
around congratulating ourselves about
what a wonderful sighting of a tiger and
drove to place on the left hand side and
it and I could see Johnny the cameraman
nearly jumping out of his skin and
you're sweating it bear bit there Johnny
I thought it was a Connor at one point
yeah I was going to jump into the truck
honestly I swear even though it was you
know quite a distance away from me I
could feel it come reverberating up
through the ground up through the Jeep
and it gets you right in the pit of the
stomach you really wouldn't want to be
on the receiving end of an animal like
that at a bad time
you